Our robo friends are looking really, really nice.
I really like this app, there is one issue, though, if I minimize this.
OK, it's responsive, it looks good, but if I scroll down, well, I lose my search bar at the top,
would it be nice if this was at the top and I have a scroll that I can do and still search to my friends?
Well, you might be thinking, well, there's probably a CSI style that I can add here, but I want
to illustrate to you the fact that react and why react is so good is because you can create components
that are reusable, not just car components, but functionality.
Would it be cool if there was maybe something where we can add around Cardless?
Maybe I can create a scroll component.
And this scroll component just wraps the cardless.
And now Cardless will be completely scrollable, but now I can use Skrull this component anywhere in
my app, anytime I need scrolling, I can just wrap it around.
Can we do this, let's give it a try.
I'm going to import a component that we don't have yet that's called Skrull.
From a file that will create in just the second.
Let's create a new file.
We'll call it Skrull, James.
And here will again go through the motion of react from react.
Let's make this a little bit bigger.
And again, I want to change this to.
Bable.
And we'll say cost Skrull equals.
It's going to return, hmm, what should a return before we talk about that, just so we don't forget,
we have to export.
Default Skrull.
Now, here's a problem.
Want to return something, but it doesn't make sense, does it, if I go to James?
Scrawl, it's not a self-closing component.
It wraps components, so how can we tell scroll to Hey, just render whatever is inside of you.
Up to this point, we've learned about props and we've learned about St..
There's one other thing and react that I want to teach you, and that is children.
And children, is this.
Skrull can use children as a way to render its children.
What do I mean by that?
Well, in here.
Every props object has children.
So if I go props dot children.
Well, let's see what happens, I save.
And go back.
Everything's rendered.
But if I remove this and I just do and each one.
I just get this.
You see, Profita children is exactly that if I console.
Let's open up the console.
I see that I get an object, and even though I didn't pass any props to scroll automatically, every
single component and reacts has this property.
And this children, it kind of looks confusing here, but has card list, type card list.
So using this prop start, children, we can create.
Components that wrap other components up to this point, we were only able to wrap these lower case
components, which are kind of like the HTML tags, but every time we had a custom component with capital
letter that we built, well, we couldn't really wrap it.
And now we can using this thought children.
But here's the cool part, using props to our children.
Well, I can create a scrollable component.
Let me show you how simply do def.
Close that divide and then here again, curly brackets, props, dot children, and all we need now
is to add styles to this div.
I could create a scroll txt file and add a style.
So it's scrollable.
But I want to show you another way, which is using style, just like an HTML using this style attribute
and J sex.
I can add styles but using double curly brackets that is, this is a JavaScript expression and within
this I'm returning an object and this object can have Castells.
Such as a property overflow WI, which is a success property, and this we can say Skrull again, a
way to make the element scrollable, we'll say border is one pixel, solid black.
And then finally, we'll give it a height of.
Five hundred pixels.
Going to make the smaller so you can see I'm going to save.
Compiling is fine if I go back, it looks like we have a box here.
Let's make it a little bit bigger just so you can see.
I say five pixels, even though it's ugly and I forgot a 10 here height.
All right.
Let's see.
Look at that, we have a scrollable component.
Let's make this a little bit bigger, just so we can see a better.
Look at that, if I make this smaller.
I now have a scrollable component.
Very cool.
Now, this is a simple app, it allows you to search.
It allows you to scroll.
But it does show the power of react, doesn't it?
We've created these simple functions, and the only thing that we tell it to do is, well, we tell
it what state it has.
The entire app is described through these two things, the robots and search field and react takes care
of the rest as soon as search field or robots changes react.
Trickles down all this information as props to all these components and magically creates our view for
us.
That's why React is so powerful.
It's a view layer.
It takes care of manipulating the dom.
And all we tell it is, hey, what's the state what are the functions that you wanted to work with the
state and the rest?
Well, it optimizes to make sure that everything is super fast and you can see how amazingly fast everything
is here.
It's a super snappy app and these components are now reusable.
I can bring a search box now into another part of the website.
I can add scrolling to another part of the website.
This is what made react so powerful and this is why so many websites are powered by react.
Once you learn the syntax and you get used to everything, that's when React truly becomes powerful.
And although we took a bit of time to create this app, once you get used to it, an app like this,
you can create it in, well, less than an hour, probably 30 minutes.
All right, I think we've done a great job here.
Can't wait to see you in the next video.